	UNO IN DETAIL   
        Each player is dealt 7 cards. The first player has to match the card in the DISCARD pile either by number, color or word.   
        If the player doesn't have anything to match, he must pick a card from the DRAW pile.   
        If he can play what is drawn, great. Otherwise, play moves to the next person.  
        When you have one card left, you must yell 'UNO' (meaning one). Failure to do this results in you having to pick two cards from the DRAW pile.  
        Once a player has no cards left, the hand is over.   
        STARTING THE DISCARD PILE    
        Well, if a word card is the first one turned up from the DRAW pile, this is what happens.  
        Wild Draw Four - It's put back in the deck and another one is chosen.  
        Wild Card - The player to the left of dealer calls out a color - then plays.  
        Draw Two Card - The player to the left of dealer must pick two cards and then the next player goes (sad, but true).  
        Reverse Card - The dealer plays first, but then goes to the right instead of left.  
        Skip Card - The player to left of dealer doesn't start (get it, he's skipped). The player to left of him starts.  
        WHAT WORD CARDS MEAN   
        Draw Two Cards - When this card is played, the next person to play must draw 2 cardsand forfeit his turn.
        Reverse Card - Simply reverse direction of play. Play left becomes play right, and vice versa.
        Skip Card - The next player to play loses his turn and is 'skipped.' Mighty clever.
        Wild Card- This card can be played on anycard.
                   The person playing the card calls any color to continue play, including the one presently being played if desired. 
                   A Wild card can be played even if the player has another playable card in his hand.
        Wild Draw Four Card - This is the best, the meanest, the most sneaky card to have. 
                              Not only does the player get to call the next color played, but the next player has to pick 4 cards and forfeit his turn. 
                             There is a hitch, however (of course) you can only play this card when you don't have a card in your hand that matches the color previously played.
        GOING OUT 
        A player who forgets to say UNO before his card touches the DISCARD pile,has to draw two cards
        SCORING
        When a player is out of cards, he gets points for cards left in opponent's hands as follows
        All cards through 9 Face value
        Draw2 2O points
        Reverse 20 points
        Skip 20 points
        Wild 50 points
        Wild Draw 4 50 points
         SO PLAY HARD !!